---
    title: "Spotify Looper: Day 52"
    categories:
      - Blog
    tags:
      - loopify
---
Debugging. I'm having to systematically work through each view to see if it's working correctly. It's a pain, but at least it helps to see a clear path forward!

Currently:
Track detail view:
- [x] fix non-updating track name
	- 
- [x] fix track duration
	- forgot to update `trackPosition` duration in the `spotify` object
- [ ] Play/pause button is slow to update (seems to only trigger on timer ticks)
	- future update
- [ ] fix non-loading of track details if paused when launched (but a track is still available)
	- it's just a slow start (maybe the 4 second polling)
	- Add in a loading screen/message

MinimapView:
- [x] position handle is not draggable
	- because it's bound to `spotify.trackposition` directly, which is a published property, not a state variable. Any updated properties on `spotify` should cause the view to be redrawn, ~~so if I set the `trackPosition` using `onAppear()` in the view, it should be ok.~~ 
		- I had to use `onChange(of:perform)` rather than `onAppear()`
- [ ] seeking using the position handle works, but needs debouncing, otherwise it'll jump back to the previously updated position before the seek closure is complete
	- future update

ScrollInPlayView:
- [x] creates LOADS of spotify instances!
	- fixed: `spotify` objects weren't environment objects!
- [x] the playhead and sections don't align on the correct position. Zooming 8offset makes it worse
	- possible fix: segmentViews were hard-coded to 206000ms. Build and run to test (waiting on xcode update)—Yes
- [ ] looper middle section should allow movement
	- future update
- [ ] on high zoom settings, the playhead jumps quite significantly. Can we animate?
	- future update

- [ ] Loop controls aren't quite right—doesn't turn on loop without toggling play/pause


Mandy feedback

- long titles text wrap (scroll, or clever truncate)
	- plus add margin to text view
- loop/section/bar labels look like buttons
	- not aligned properly with magnifier view
- scroll minimapview
- make transport controls bigger
- minimap height isn't the same as magnifier view
- minimapview add rounded corners
- make logout button
- pinch to zoom doesn't work properly
- disable rotation
- minimap jumps when scrolling magnifier view quickly

ipad/macos builds are weird—disable for v1 then fix for 1.1