---
    title: "Spotify Looper: Day 21"
    categories:
      - Blog
    tags:
      - loopify
---
From Peter Schorn's example app:

`@main` has a `StateObject` instance of a `Spotify` class (which conforms to `ObservableObject` and contains helper properties and methods to check authorization and authorize stuff. The underlying api can then be called using `Spotify.api`

`TrackView(track:)` is called and passed a `Track` item from various containing views. e.g. `RecentlyPlayedView` creates a `TrackView(track:)` for each item in its `recentlyPlayed` array, which is populated by calling `spotify.api.recentlyPlayed()`. This is a Publisher type, so a subscriber `loadRecentlyPlayedCancellable: AnyCancellable?` is received on the main thread (to avoid race conditions). The `recentlyPlayed` array is populated using `loadRecentlyPlayedCancellable.sink(receiveCompletion:receiveValue:)` where the `receiveValue` closure assigns the received value to the `recentlyPlayed` array.

This all happens when the view loads (`.onAppear`).


For the benefit of my app, copying this structure would mean:
- instantiate an instance of an ObservableObject help class `SpotifyWebController()` in the top level of the app
- Do some kind of authorization check before showing the underlying view (add a viewmodifier with blur and a button to re-authorize for now. Make it watch for de-authorization and show when that is true)
- Subscribe to a Track Analysis publisher and set that to a playheadNavigationView Track item when the playheadNavigation item appears
	- You'll need to modify the playHeadNavigationView or extend the api.TrackAnalysis struct to be compatible, or bridge between the api's track analysis and the app's Track item.


Tomorrow: implement the above authorization flow.

Next: modify either the Track object, the PlayHeadNavigationView (to take api.trackAnalysis or similar), or extend the the api.trackAnalysis type to be compatible with the internal Track type.